CAP Plugin: cap-js ord plugin (#1064)
cap-js/docs: plugins/index.md

<div id="planned-plugins" />

## ORD (Open Resource Discovery)

> Open Resource Discovery (ORD) is a protocol that allows applications and services to self-describe their exposed resources and capabilities.It can be used to describe static documentation, but can also reflect tenant specific configuration and extensions (at run-time).​ 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Open Resource Discovery (ORD) is a protocol that enables applications and services to self-describe their available resources and capabilities. It's not only useful for describing static documentation, but it also accurately reflects tenant-specific configurations and extensions at runtime.
```

Typically, ORD is used to describe APIs and Events, but it also supports higher-level concepts like Entity Types (Business Objects) and Data Products (beta).

> By adopting ORD, an application will implement a single-entry point (Service Provider Interface) that can be used to discover and crawl the relevant information / metadata. The information can be used to build a static metadata catalog or do detailed runtime inspection of actual system landscapes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you adopt ORD, your application gains a single entry point, known as the Service Provider Interface. This interface allows you to discover and gather relevant information or metadata. You can use this information to construct a static metadata catalog or to perform a detailed runtime inspection of your actual system landscapes.
```

This plugin enables generation of ORD document for CAP based applications. 
You can get the ORD document in multiple ways :

#### Programmatic API

```js
const cds = require('@sap/cds')
```

```js
const csn = await cds.load(cds.env.folders.srv)
const ord = cds.compile.to.ord(csn)
```

#### Command Line

```sh
cds compile <path to srv folder> --to ord [-o] [destinationFilePath]
```

> <img width="1300" alt="Sample Application Demo" style="border-radius:0.5rem;" src="./assets/index/ordCLI.png">

Reviewer: I think we don't need this here, it's sufficient in the plugin's readme.

Author: have removed and linked to plugin readme

#### ORD Endpoints

1) Run `cds watch` in the application's root.

> 2) Check the following relative paths for ORD information - `/.well-known/open-resource-discovery` , `/open-resource-discovery/v1/documents/1`.

Reviewer: Just to check if I understand this:
I have to check a URL (which I have to know) and copy a URL out of the response. Then I open the copied URL. From there I copy a URL and open that one and that is then what I want to see. Correct?
If yes, can that be easier?

Author: As discussed, this is the current functionality planned for the first release of ord plugin

<img width="1300" alt="Sample Application Demo" style="border-radius:0.5rem;" src="./assets/index/ordEndpoint.gif">

> 

Reviewer: Add the log and link to the package as for any other package on this page.
